Mankind will never be the same now that Interstellaponere has been discovered. Interstellaponere allows for interstellar space travel and was discovered by the space probe Cassini during its exploration of Saturn and its rings and moons. JPL instantly became the most important company on the planet when their space probe Cassini suddenly appeared out of nowhere when it came in contact with Interstellaponere during its mission.

Using traces of the Interstellaponere substance and the logs from the Cassini probe, scientists discovered not only how to reproduce Interstellaponere in large quantities but also to harness its unique ability to send matter great distances to far away places. At first scientists could only send a small test container across the continent, but as they perfected their understanding of Interstellaponere, they began sending larger containers to further and further distances. Soon all the planets in our solar system became targets for further testing until a breakthrough by, John Kirpatrick, allowed for sending materials to other distant galaxies.

You have been recruited by the International Space Academy, ISA, to assist John Kirpatrick in exploring distant planets. Your objective is to find interesting objects, plant life, and animals that can be returned to the ISA containment center to be further studied. Each item returned will be purchased from rover guides like yourself according to their scientific value for mankind. But be forewarned, there are no rules of etiquette between rover guides and you might find your rover meets its untimely death to a competing rover guide.

Good luck, and happy exploring!